Wi-Fi Web Server README

This repository contains files for a simple Wi-Fi web server implemented on the Raspberry Pi Pico using the Pico SDK, FreeRTOS, and lwIP stack.

Files Overview

1. cgi.h
   This file defines Common Gateway Interface (CGI) handlers for various actions, such as LED control and robot movement. It utilizes the lwIP HTTP server.

2. main.c
   The main entry point for the application initializes USB serial communication, configures the CYW43 architecture for Wi-Fi, connects to a specified Wi-Fi network, and sets up the HTTP server. It also includes the main task for receiving Wi-Fi task messages.

3. ssi.h
   Server Side Include (SSI) handler file. It handles dynamic content generation, such as reading ADC values, and is used by the HTTP server to embed dynamic data into web pages.

4. wifi_buffer.h
   This header file declares structures and functions for communication between tasks and interrupts. It defines message queues for passing messages between the Wi-Fi task and other components.

5. wifi_receive.c
   Task implementation for receiving Wi-Fi task messages. It processes incoming messages, concatenates them, and sends the result to another task for further processing.

6. makefsdata.py
   Python script is used to embed static files into a C source file for a web server running on the Raspberry Pi Pico

7. htmldata.c
   Contains the html files converted as binary. This file will be autogenerated when project is configured before building the project

8. lwipopts.h
   Configuration file for the lwIP (Lightweight IP) stack that can customize various settings and features of lwIP to suit the requirements of the project.

To get started:

Please execute the following steps

1. Enter the WIFI_SSID & WIFI_PASSWORD of the wifi in the main.c file in order to get the web server running
2. Configure the project under cmake to generate the htmldata of the project's html files
3. Download Nmap from https://nmap.org/download and type inconfig in Command Prompt. Copy the IPV4 and type nmap -sn "Paste IPV4 here"/24. Retrieve the IP address of Pico from the connected devices list
4. Open the web browswer and paste the IP address to view the web server
